Update the C++ custom instrumentation example to include resource name (#12779)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup_overview/custom_instrumentation/cpp.md

```cpp
{

>   // Create a root span for the current request.

Author: @dgoffredo @alai97 - does this reviewed comment look fine?

>   // Create a root span for the request we're currently processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Create a root span for the processing request.
```

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this is better:

> // Create a root span for the current request.

The verb "processing" is a little awkward and ambiguous here.

Reviewer 2: Ah, my browser was showing me an older version, before this change was merged.

  auto root_span = tracer->StartSpan("get_ingredients");
  // Set a resource name for the root span.
  root_span->SetTag(datadog::tags::resource_name, "bologna_sandwich");

>   // Create a child span, with the root span as its parent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Create a child span with the root span as its parent.
```

  auto child_span = tracer->StartSpan(
      "cache_lookup",
      {opentracing::ChildOf(&root_span->context())});
  // Set a resource name for the child span.
  child_span->SetTag(datadog::tags::resource_name, "ingredients.bologna_sandwich");
  // Spans can be finished at an explicit time ...
  child_span->Finish();

> } // ... or otherwise implicitly when their destructor is invoked.
>   // For example, root_span finishes here implicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
} // ... or implicitly when the destructor is invoked.
  // For example, root_span finishes here.
```
